Jake Mirra
Mathematician, educator, and tech startup founding engineer
7708 San Felipe Blvd, Unit 12
Austin, TX 78729
(412) 944-7767
jmirra1515@gmail.com

EXPERIENCE
Ender, Austin— Senior Software Engineer
March 2022 - September 2024
Scaled the platform: Expanded the platform from mom-and-pop pilots to institutional investors running large-scale operations with tens of thousands of units all on our platform. 
Ensured reliability: Maintained 100% uptime of our services using engineering excellence policies I advocated for and implemented (no unplanned outages in two years).  Added platform health monitoring, invariant enforcement, and anomaly detection using tools like SNS/SQS and OpsGenie.  .  
Feature development: Added critical features (for example, automatic bank reconciliation by integrating Plaid with our own accounting data along with a full suite of UI tools for manual reconciliation) enabling larger groups to scale their businesses on our platform.  
Team leadership: Mentored and grew the development team, fostering a collaborative environment.  Interfaced with Ender's sales and onboarding teams  to set and meet long-term goals for feature delivery.  
Cross-functional collaboration: Worked closely with product and business teams to align technical strategies with business goals.
Ender, Austin — Software Engineer
July 2019 - March 2022
Founding engineer at Ender, disrupting property management software industry.  
Developed a product integrating leasing, reporting, payment processing, accounts payable & vendor management, property acquisition, tenant, vendor & investor portals, flexible team and permissions management for specialized teams
Contributed to initial architecture and core system components, the foundation on top of which we built the hundreds of features that comprise the business of property management.  
EDUCATION
University of Pittsburgh, Main —  PhD in Mathematics
September 2012- June 2018
Two publications developing tools in geometric analysis, culminating in thesis,  "Hölder Continuous Mappings into Sub-Riemannian Manifolds (2018)".  6 semesters as a TA, 4 as lecturer.  3,000 hours of tutoring.  
University of Pittsburgh, Main — BS in Mathematics
September 2011- September 2012
Minor in computer science.  


